Add End User License Agreement (#6394)
owncloud/ocis: README.md

> Infinite Scale is carefully internationalized so that everyone, no matter what language they speak, has a great experience. To achieve this we rely on the help of volunteer translators. If you want to help, you can find the project behind this link:
>  [Transifex for ownCloud web](https://explore.transifex.com/owncloud-org/owncloud-web/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infinite Scale is carefully internationalized so that everyone, no matter what language they speak, has a great experience. To achieve this we rely on the help of volunteer translators. If you want to help, you can find the projects behind the following links:
 [Transifex for ownCloud web](https://app.transifex.com/owncloud-org/owncloud-web/translate/) and [Transifex for ownCloud](https://app.transifex.com/owncloud-org/owncloud/translate/) (Select the resource by filtering for `ocis-`).
```
The Transifex URL's have changed and we need to add `ocis-userlog` and `ocis-notifications`.

Please always refer to our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## End User License Agreement

> Stable versions of ownCloud Infinite Scale are subject to the [End User License Agreement](https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/assets/End-User-License-Agreement-for-ownCloud-Infinite-Scale.pdf).

Reviewer: @micbar would you mind to add an invisible markdown comment that this file is going to be referenced by the documentation and should not be removed without notifying documentation?

Author: better, i added the file to the code owners
